Oh
welcome the football game playing calm
we're football makes sense i'm memory
hunters are of the playbook bring you an
NFL week to preview between the
Washington Redskins and the st. Louis
Rams now let's not what the risk is in
this game first of all I love what they
did offensively against the New Orleans
Saints the read-option look is a
definite advantage for Washington why
because it causes defenders to think and
anytime you get defenders to think
you're you have the bama form offensive
player and I know anytime you the
defenders to think they will struggle
because that's one less second they have
to try to get pressure and impose their
will so that was a great job of
neutralizing the Saints pressure that is
going to carry the Redskins for the
season and the Redskins receivers versus
the Rams DBS is going to be a big
matchup they're gonna have to they have
a tougher task this week as opposed to
last they're going to get some solid
corners you don't have to win that
battle to help rg3 out and whatever the
pace is if you want to play up-tempo if
you want to slow it down you got to
control it and that's the big key for
the Redskins often start defensively
downward pressure versus that ramps
depleted offensive line I think that's
the biggest advantage they have
defensively and getting pressure on Sam
Bradford and Jim Haslett vs brian
schottenheimer shadow hammer is the
master of the 4-yard curl routes hazard
will have to get pressure and he can
play close to the line of scrimmage to
shut down the passing game and i look at
the x factor in this ballgame it has to
be will montgomery the center if you
want to stop the spread teams just have
to blow up the interior and it's up to
will montgomery to make sure that
doesn't happen so that way everything
stays on pace offensively now when you
look at the ramps in this ballgame and
what they do well again Jeff Fisher team
is going to be well balanced but right
now the passing game looks like the
running game is very basic is very
vanilla you have to do different things
to get Sam Bradford in the situation
where he can be successful you're
passing game should not look like you're
running game so you have to do something
to stress the field vertically to help
out the young QB and running out of
spray up on beaches I think will help
the reason why I say spread formations
because you want to widen out there 3-4
defense it's tough work quarterback to
find where the pressure is coming from
out of a 34 because you don't know where
their fourth or fifth guy is coming from
so if you widen it out by flexing the
formation you can essentially see where
the pressure is coming from it
you can get better protection so running
out of the spread formation may help
create some Running Room for Steven
Jackson and also Richardson back there
in the backfield and you want to give
the offensive line help with tight ends
and actually running back a fullback get
creative find ways to help alleviate
some of the pressure off Sam Bradford
otherwise he's gonna be on this back
because the Redskins can bring it
constantly throughout the ballgame
defensive side of the football look at
assignment football vs. the read option
if you have the dive guys take the dive
guy do not try to be a hero if your job
is contained versus the quarterback half
contain vs. the quarterback do not try
to be a hero that's what killed the
Saints last week and it can kill you too
if you get out of position and Robert
Quinn is the main culprit I'm talking
about he's athletic guy he wants to get
down here and get after the quarterback
he has to play smart football this week
has to play contain i say more cover 3
versus the cover too you don't to give
this guy a zone coverage to throw the
football against you want to give them
cover 3 it would help you out versus the
short passing game and also put your in
position to stop the run and the
x-factor the little things catch the
football no false starts no penalty is
nothing like that you have to tie up
your loose ends in order to be effective
now you look at the position to break
down I think both teams have good young
quarterbacks I i call this matchup equal
i calling equal in the backfield I love
Steven Jackson Whitney brings to the
table I love the depth of the Redskins I
think the risk is had the advantage at
the receiver position the tight end
position and definitely the offensive
line now defensively the front seven in
my opinion is solid on both sides of
football the Rams do a lot of good
things with their front seven and so
does the Washington Redskins I think the
Rams have the advantage skill-wise in
the secondary so I give them an
advantage and I think the risk is
definitely have the edge and special
teams so when you look at this ball game
you look at where the risk is can have
an advantage I think they can have an
advantage throwing the football down the
field and loosen up their boxes what
they're going to try to do is come in
and try to stop the run but rg3 can show
that he can throw the football
consistently when the running game is
gone I think that's going to help the
Redskins out which is why I think the
Redskins win this ballgame I do not
trust the offensive line of the st.
Louis Rams nor their passing attacking
you need both to beat the Redskins 3-4
defense so I think the Redskins will win
on the road
you